Web 3.0 unleashed ravages upon not seen since Adobe Shockwave. The peak is always debated. Some say the mass adoption of 8k as standard definition video marked the top. Others say the minting of the 1 billionth Ape NFT was the obvious start of the fall.

The hulking infrastructure of the net more frought with bugs, bloat, and malware than ever mounted it's defense and denial of it's crumbling. The Freying was in full swing for months before masses would admit this was a paradigm shift with it's first victims were as always those no one cared for. 

Furries were slaughtered their cravenous demands for Photoshop work to be directly streamed into their conciousness while the edits were flying in from there over worked depravity exposed artists sought little remorse. The pained artists stepped up to the plate and pleaded the case for them. For the case for Furries was truly the case for their own livelihood. These pained artists in the final hour were betrayed not for the rationally irrational hatred of Furries, but their own kin who fell for promises of better work. Of more meaningful exhibits to yet belong to them. Exhibits that only took place in their dreams.

The subsequent groups to follow in demise were not so lofty in stature for a while. Soundcloud rappers were cut from their nectar and cast down into more physical forms of medium. There inability to clamor away from an incessant 512kbps AAC encodings began the true Freying of the ethernet cords the Furries took blame for. Few mourned their abscense.

Next an even more intensive sort were deemed universally reprehinsble. The crypto kiddies became more and more reliant on claims of resource saving through proof of stake adoption. They began fast paced changes to the structure of bitcoin itself to try and save themselves. The fracturing from this move destroyed them before anyone else could get in to land the killing blow and steal their hashrate for my primitive needs.

Weeaboos lost their streaming and plunged into a silent night, followed by more mainstream binge watchers, who without the weeaboos lacked the tacit tactics to launch a defense.
Followed in short order by the pornography addicts. Lossless 16k 120fps streams lost by all one after the other.

Finally the bastion of defense for digital resources began it's death kneel. The angry populace cared no longer to ignore that gamers hid audio files that dwarfed every audiophiles library. Though their sprite sheets small in seperation armied together to be a weight of note all their own. Polygons in number to rival the stars at night gathered a storm of ire and want. To free those resources for more basic needs. Even more basic than mental stimulation. So it came to be that not even the gamers. The hated knights only called on to last resort due to their unbearable stench and boundless anger. Could stand in defiance of the crumbling. Cries for support fell on ears of those who'd already lost it all.


When the first DVD drive was repaired the United Nations called it a 'nesseccary step forward' They abandoned the phrase when CD drive repairs started to become their own business. Disc rot became a household term overnight and scam industries to prevent it became more effervescent than IRS scam callers.






